# 2022.3.26

1. 黑心牙医 - 2
   - https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/GB-oecjP4hDFHY7cFU7XLw


> We spoke to several of your former patients who say you unnecessarily drilled their teeth just to (line your pockets赚大钱), were you just drilling for dollars?
>
> What kind of person( takes advantage of 占便宜，欺骗) people when they are at their most vulnerable? 
>
> Did you take advantage of your patients and give them crowns(人造牙冠) when they didn’t need them?

2. [字以人贵 - 1](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/mp/audio?t=pages/audio_detail&scene=1&__biz=Mzg4NjczNzgyMg==&mid=2247484167&idx=1&sn=b333b8343c47c9a7a2c7af81bfd620f8&voice_id=Mzg4NjczNzgyMl8yMjQ3NDg0MTY1&_wxindex_=0#wechat_redirect)

> Everywhere you travel in China, you'll see a special sight - examples of Chinese calligraphy. These works can be found in many scenic spots and historic sites. 
>
> Over the centuries, Chinese calligraphy has merged with the ancient Chinese civilization and become an indispensable (不可缺少的) part of it. 

3. [字以人贵 - 2](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/mp/audio?t=pages/audio_detail&scene=1&__biz=Mzg4NjczNzgyMg==&mid=2247484167&idx=1&sn=8a77e96819ce169631ca66183d0d1db2&voice_id=Mzg4NjczNzgyMl8yMjQ3NDg0MTY2&_wxindex_=1#wechat_redirect)

> If you look carefully, you will find inscriptions(碑文) in places like these were not written by ordinary people. 
>
> They were either kings, nobles, literary giants, or local celebrities. No matter who they were, they all had extraordinary calligraphy skills. 

4. [偷窥狂被逮 - 1](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/mp/audio?_wxindex_=0&scene=104&__biz=MzAwMzk0OTQ1Mw==&mid=2247503180&idx=1&voice_id=MzAwMzk0OTQ1M18yMjQ3NTAzMTc4&sn=3d918f3bc78d2a6e49e6da4e31c31b54#wechat_redirect)

>An alleged(涉嫌的)( peeping tom偷窥狂) has been arrested and residents in one California neighborhood say they are relieved(解脱了，放心了). 
>
>"I know for the girls here it was creepy (毛骨悚然的)and it was infuriating(大怒的) to me that he was (getting away 脱身) with this day after day, and that he just stand there quietly in his socks and looking windows, invading(侵犯) privacy.

5. [偷窥狂被逮 - 2](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/mp/audio?_wxindex_=1&scene=104&__biz=MzAwMzk0OTQ1Mw==&mid=2247503180&idx=1&voice_id=MzAwMzk0OTQ1M18yMjQ3NTAzMTc5&sn=dcd723a79cfaf805d1bb6cf48d656334#wechat_redirect)

> Cops say they believe he's the man several residents have caught on their home surveillance cameras entering properties in the neighborhood and looking through the bedroom windows of female residents. 
>
> One resident says he wasn't easily scared off.
>
> "And if you confront him, he would walk right up to you and have a very calm story."
>
> Carvallo Fierro was charged with suspicion of prowling(潜行，图谋不轨) and peeking while loitering. 

